Update datasets to use API (#6126)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/introduction/data.rst

--------------------------

We can call the 

> :func:`~pennylane.data.list_data_names` function to get a snapshot of the currently available data.
> This function returns a nested dictionary as shown below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:func:`~pennylane.data.list_data_names` function to get a snapshot of the currently available data.
This function returns a list of strings as shown below. 
```
Why are we changing the name of the function here? `list_datasets` sounded better IMO.

Author: This is a separate function to the `list_datasets()` function which is currently removed in this PR. The docs here were repurposed for the `list_data_names()` which is a separate function, used internally for the interactive loading of datasets, but also has some practical value as a public facing function.

.. autosummary::
    :nosignatures:

>     ~pennylane.data.list_datasets

Reviewer: Since we getting rid of a public facing function without a deprecation cycle, this might be a breaking change that's worth a mention in the changelog.

Author: Hey @astralcai, thanks for taking a look at this! We're in the process of deciding what to do here. It's a fairly involved task to keep this function working with the new backend. This may come in a separate PR, but we'll keep everyone updated here.
